orig -- basic sceleton from Zhulanov  
v0.1  -- only one deserializer, try to read buffers
v0.12 -- all deserializers included
v0.15 -- move to ise 14.7 from 13.4
v0.2  -- all desers works, buffer is filled simple trigger is implemented, new reg_file
v0.25 -- add mem_file, amplitude histogram for one channel, LOM entity measuring amplitude and find for coincidence (chennel 1 and 2 at the moment). Add registers for ADC masks. 
v0.27 -- change directory structure of the project. Now is is: vhd -- vhdl source files, prj -- ise project files, tb -- testbench files, ucf -- user constraints, bit -- for bitstreams. Change reg_map to use records for registers information (index, number, default value, acess type), reg_file to automaticaly generate registers mapping for all ADCs, new registers are now can be added by one string in one place. fixed mem_file amplitude histogram tested to be read out correctly. Added soft reset through acess to status register. run/stop accumulating histograms. 
v0.271 -- add histo test mode
v0.28  -- add self-tester entity which provides samples from test buffer to the input of LOM logic
v0.29  -- realized writing to the test buffer, histograms changed
v0.30  -- include special deserializer with PLL used for misconnected ADC channel, reg_file slightly changed.
          Amplitude histogramming works. Coincedence histogramming doesn't. 

v0.35      30.01.2018 Found problem with filling coincidence duration histograms. Simulation works now. 
                      Started to implement counters_manager component. It should manage counters for ADC occupancy, 
                      coincidence counters etc. 
           01.02.2018 Counters_manager works properly. Filling coincidence counters and filling the coincidence duration histograms works.
                      Added control register and lommode register, status register contains more information. 
                      Histograms filling is stopped when events number equals given value.
v0.36     Added overflow bit for histograms and counters. Dead time is implemented for bhabha counting.
v0.37     All ADC buffers swiched from ipcore to parametrized vhdl code. Fixed deserializer for broken channel.
          FADC SPI frequency increased. 
v0.38     Added some missing DFF. Project is routed much faster now. Added TIG constraints for some slow signals.
v0.39     b2tt included into the project

v0.4      Trigger for ADC buffer is moved to lom components. Trigger types (adc hit, bhabha, random) implemented. Running sums are implemented along with the filling of corresponded buffer.

dev       development version

